RFD 85: Better React testing, remove default exports (#15813)
gravitational/teleport: rfd/0085-better-react-testing-remove-default-exports.md

---
authors: Ryan Clark (ryan.clark@goteleport.com)
state: draft
---

# RFD 85 - Better React testing, remove default exports

## What

> Improve the webapps codebase by changing the way we test our components and write our component stories.

Reviewer: i'm not sure if this RFD proposes a different way to write our component stories. are we keeping the smart/dummy approach? (keeping it was my assumption)

Author: We can keep it if wanted, but it should focus more on displaying individual components instead of a "full story".

For example, I have `Component` that loads data and returns either `ComponentLoadingFailed`, `ComponentContent` or `ComponentLoading`. You can write stories for these sub-components, instead of the main `Component`.

This is to stop all of the state for `Component` being passed in as props, and then us adding a wrapper component that grabs all of this stuff from a hook. It makes things extremely hard to track down.

Instead, all logic for fetching data can be in `Component`, and then the relevant data and callbacks are passed into the children components, keeping their props to only what they need.

Reviewer 2: > For example, I have Component that loads data and returns either ComponentLoadingFailed, ComponentContent or ComponentLoading. You can write stories for these sub-components, instead of the main Component

Usually it's better to have _both when needed._ The full story lets you see more complete view when making changes (specifically to layout). Also most of the sub-components do not need a story _at all_ as that's the way to split up HTML.

> And then us adding a wrapper component that grabs all of this stuff from a hook. It makes things extremely hard to track down.

That's the common pattern (used for Containers) and I am not sure why it became `extremely hard to track down` as we had interns working on those components and got positive feedback.

> Instead, all logic for fetching data can be in Component, and then the relevant data and callbacks are passed into the children components, keeping their props to only what they need.

This comment contradicts with the `extremely hard to track down` as View is a child of Container too. Also, by placing API code to the Component itself it will make it very hard to snapshot a story (because state changes dynamically). It will also make it hard to write stories as one would need to write code to bring a view to a particular state. It will also bring issues related to mocks done in storybook (cleanups). Most likely devs will stop using storybook _at all_ and will have to run a cluster for any UI work. Different states will be burred in the code with no easy way to visually track them. CSS regression bugs will start eventually popping up in bigger numbers. And the only stories to be left is for basic components (design system) which is what industry average does.

Just to summarize.

1. We do not have an [industry average problem](https://medium.com/@sapegin/whats-wrong-with-snapshot-tests-37fbe20dfe8e) where devs misuse snapshots. Every snapshot has a visual story and never used to _test_ behavior.
2. Add a behavior test if missing.
3. Storybook is a _generic tool_ that can be used for different purposes.
4. Remove default exports.

At the end, it's all about being productive, move faster, and better dev UX. I was not able to see how this RFD improves addresses any of it but if the team sees it differently then go for it :)

Reviewer 3: I think @alex-kovoy makes an important point in that if we move away from this containerized approach, UI development becomes significantly more difficult in that we either need to build a behavioral test that induces the state we want to try out, or else run an entire cluster and then manually induce that state.

There's nothing about our current approach that prevents us from _also_ writing behavioral tests, whereas if we elect to remove the containers then we won't be able to easily create storybooks.

Reviewer 3: Basically the second paragraph in @alex-kovoy's other comment [here](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/15813/files/368b385a3752c205db41fb93837089b768b1f710#r1019409689)

Reviewer 4: We could also move behavior tests to the storybook. https://storybook.js.org/docs/react/writing-tests/interaction-testing 
The implementation would look like this:
1. mock network requests eg using `msw`
2. Render component
3. Define interactions that will trigger the desired state.
4. assert correct view state

You can also check the results in the storybook. We can run these tests in CI pipeline https://storybook.js.org/docs/react/writing-tests/test-runner#run-against-non-deployed-storybooks

Reviewer 3: I understand the general idea, the point that @alex-kovoy made and that I'm reiterating is that 1, 2, and 3 all take considerably more work than just passing in the desired state via props. 

In a sense what we're doing currently is allowing a component's internal state to be "`public`" fields, whereas without containers, most of a component's state would become "`private`" fields. It's a controversial topic, but I'm of the opinion that directly manipulating what are effectively `"private`" fields is useful for various types of tests and should be allowed by language semantics. See [here](https://stackoverflow.com/a/6778726) for what some do in C++ to achieve this, and note that languages like Go and Rust acknowledge this by allowing "`private`" fields to be accessible within packages/modules (where unit tests are written).

There's nothing about the container pattern that prevents us from writing interaction tests, but if we eschew the container then we will no longer be able to quickly and easily iterate on UI components that have complex internal states. Instead we will be forced to write more involved rube-goldberg machines of mocked network requests and UI interactions to achieve what's currently trivial (just hardcode the props to whatever state you want).

I can see the argument being made that actually that's a good thing to force us to do, because that ensures that we write these more substantive interaction tests which otherwise we won't write because we'll have an easy way out. However given that I'm not aware of a particular problem with behavioral regressions, I don't think force-slowing-down development is warranted.

I suppose @ryanclark might argue that actually the bigger slowdown is the tracking down of these props. Granted that it is more of a process than if most internal state where right there in the component, however I noticed that over time I've gotten better at tracking down props. Additionally, over time I've come to rely more on storybook for development.

Reviewer 4: I think this discussion could benefit greatly if we take typical complex feature component tests/stories and write them in a new way.

Reviewer 3: A component I have in mind specifically is the `DesktopSession` and [its accompanying Storybooks](https://github.com/gravitational/webapps/blob/master/packages/teleport/src/DesktopSession/DesktopSession.story.tsx). It's a very complex component -- multiple fetches, a websocket that feeds into a client which emits events that are listened to and the UI is changed in response. I think it would be very difficult to mock.

Granted that's perhaps an exception... If you (or anybody) can create an example of a more typical component with private state, whose state is easy to manipulate with mocked calls and interactions, I'm willing to use it as a template and try it out on another component and see if it changes my mind.

I'll note that there's nothing set in stone that we have to go with one approach or the other, we can make component-by-component judgement calls. The main reason I'm pushing back is that this proposes to do away with the state-as-props pattern altogether, which I think would slow me down significantly on i.e. `DesktopSession`.

Reviewer 2: > The difference here is that we can also run and inspect this test in the storybook. No need for testing the state and creating a story for the state separately. 

@JanKaczmarkiewicz  Storybook is not a great environment for mocking. Use jest for that. And vice versa. 

Container pattern is very common in the industry. If it helps, think of it as _an explicit_ version of Redux `connect` where state and actions are mapped to props.

Before we try to simplify `JSON`, I suggest to take a look [at this component](https://github.com/gravitational/webapps/tree/master/packages/teleport/src/Discover) written without any stories. Not only it provides no instant clue of what it does, it's also an engineering resource drain for any devs to make a minor CSS change.

Again, treat stories as first class citizens and this alone will answer _why_ things at Teleport are done this way. Be careful with blindly applying vanity metrics and respect and value Dev UX (i.e. company resources)

## Why

> The current convention is to use Storybook to render our large, full components in their different states.  This has a
> couple of knock-on effects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current convention is to use Storybook stories to test components in their different states with the use of snapshots.  This has a
couple of knock-on effects.
```

> couple of knock-on effects.

Author: They're listed below, I didn't feel the need to summarise them

### Component Architecture

> As it's hard to mock data in Storybook, we end up exporting a component that is suitable for rendering in Storybook,

Author: This isn't an example, it's showing what we currently do

such as:

```typescript jsx
export function DesktopSession(props: State) {
  const {
    directorySharingState,
    setDirectorySharingState,
    clipboardState,
    fetchAttempt,
    tdpConnection,
    disconnected,
    wsConnection,
    setTdpConnection,
  } = props;
  // etc

  return (
    <Flex flexDirection="column">
      // etc
    </Flex>
  );
}
```

This component takes all of its state and business logic from the props passed in.

For use in the actual application, we wrap the component above in a default export which populates the props the
component needs by using a hook.

```typescript jsx
export default function Container() {
  const state = useDesktopSession();
  return <DesktopSession {...state} />;
}
```

### Testing

> As a result of the above, we end up testing the `DesktopSession` component instead of the actual component (`Container`) that is

Reviewer 5: Try to not reference by location in the document, this causes issues with restructuring the content. 

The `Component Architecture` section is saying that we write it that way because of testing, but now the `Testing` section is saying we write the tests because of the `Component Architecture`.

Maybe this is a better place to mention the storybook content from above.

It's probably worth adding something to the effect that we're using Storybook for something it wasn't intended for causing these issues.

rendered in the UI.

A story may look like this:

```typescript jsx
export const FetchError = () => (
  <DesktopSession
    {...props}
    fetchAttempt={{ status: 'failed', statusText: 'some fetch  error' }}
    tdpConnection={{ status: 'success' }}
    wsConnection={'open'}
    disconnected={false}
  />
);
```

Which is then tested like so:

```typescript jsx
test('fetch error', () => {
  const { getByTestId } = render(<FetchError />);
  expect(getByTestId('Modal')).toMatchSnapshot();
});
```

This results in all the logic in `useDesktopSession` going untested. We're only testing the visual part of the UI,

> but skipping all of the business logic.

Reviewer 5: I think this is a very important point and should probably be mentioned up in the `why` section.

Author: This is still in the `why` section

## Details

### Changing how we test the visual UI

> Experience tells us that Stories in Storybook are used most effectively for documenting how to use reusable components, and visually testing the UI. While using snapshot tests of stories is a rough approximation of a visual UI test, they come a lot of baggage: https://medium.com/@sapegin/whats-wrong-with-snapshot-tests-37fbe20dfe8e.

Reviewer 5: It's possible that this link will bitrot, can you maybe add a synopsis here. Or write the actual message you'd like this link to get across while also including the source reference. What is that baggage.

It might be worthwhile looking into something like [Chromatic](https://www.chromatic.com/) for visual UI testing.

### Focusing on behavioral tests

> We should be testing all the different state possibilities in Jest and React Testing Library, mocking any data or

Reviewer 5: This content should be part of the "how will we change the UI testing" section.

Mocking data and network requests for complex components is a tedious time consuming task. Are there any tools/processes that we should lean on? Can you add those with references.

Author: I don't think the RFD has to specify what technology has to be used, just that we should be mocking data. Mocking requests can be done in a various different amount of methods (spying on jest functions, msw, etc), that I think it's up to the developer on how they want to mock the responses to their API

network requests to cause the component to render into the state we want. This ensures that the internal logic
of our components (generally the most critical and difficult-to-get-right aspect of frontend code) gets tested,
as well as the final UI state.

Tests should check for elements that exist for the specific state being tested, i.e. an error message when the data has
failed to load. Elements should be clicked on or events triggered in order to change the state of the component.

### Changing how we export components

Default exports should be avoided except when absolutely necessary (for example, with
`React.Lazy`), as they degrade the developer experience
for no discernible benefit. For more fully fleshed out reasoning, refer to the articles below:
- https://blog.neufund.org/why-we-have-banned-default-exports-and-you-should-do-the-same-d51fdc2cf2ad
- https://rajeshnaroth.medium.com/avoid-es6-default-exports-a24142978a7a
- https://blog.piotrnalepa.pl/2020/06/26/default-exports-vs-named-exports/

> - https://ilikekillnerds.com/2019/08/default-exports-bad/

Reviewer 5: The references and "for more information see...." should go at the end of the section not within the core content.

Author: How comes? They're all links that are only for this section. It seems weird to move them to the bottom, they're linked here to prove the point

Instead, named exports should be used.

```typescript jsx
export function SomeComponent() {
  return (
    <div>
      hello!
    </div>
  );
}

export const SomeValue = 42;
```

```typescript jsx
import { SomeComponent, SomeValue } from './SomeComponent';
```

### Code Coverage

Our current code coverage is:

```
=============================== Coverage summary ===============================
Statements   : 36.12% ( 3843/10639 )
Branches     : 39.44% ( 1484/3762 )
Functions    : 32.36% ( 1376/4251 )
Lines        : 36.31% ( 3759/10350 )
================================================================================

> ```

Reviewer 5: I'm not sure this information is relevant as it's likely already incorrect.

Instead something like "Due to the limitations in our current testing strategy our code coverage has suffered and is currently sitting under 40%."

Author: I don't think people are looking at this for real time stats, and having a snapshot of the past is fine. 

I don't see a reason to generalise it, no one is going to be quoting this in any context where it's important for accuracy.

We should add code coverage to CI in order to track progress. There's a [GitHub Action](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/code-coverage-report)

> that will comment on a PR with the coverage results, and a coverage UI of all files can be generated locally via `jest`.

Reviewer 5: As code coverage can be a vanity metric what do you propose we do with this information? 

If we're going to show this information to developers showing what the current branch does to the coverage delta is probably most important so that we know if our branches have negatively or positively effected the coverage.

Author: Yeah that'll be in the code coverage comment on the PR, how much it the branch affects against master. It's just useful info to know, if you're trying to ensure you're hitting a decent amount of your code you've added.

### How to implement these changes

> From this RFD, all new code to the webapps repo should follow this convention. An effort to go back and improve coverage

Reviewer 5: This doesn't say how to implement the changes, only that they should be done. 

I think adding a concrete example of changes to an existing test would greatly help here.

for untested parts of the codebase in between project work would help to fix existing tests and improve our codebase.

> Having a robust test suite would ensure that future tests are written well, as there will be plenty of examples to use.

Reviewer: Should we include the state of using snapshot going forward? Wasn't sure if people are allowed to use it? or use it for certain cases only? Or replace entirely? (no strong opinion here)

Author: I think it remains up to the developer. Should we state this here?

We should be testing all the different state possibilities in Jest and React Testing Library, mocking any data or
network requests to cause the component to render into the state we want. This ensures that the internal logic
of our components (generally the most critical and difficult-to-get-right aspect of frontend code) gets tested,
as well as the final UI state.

Tests should check for elements that exist for the specific state being tested, i.e. an error message when the data has
failed to load. Elements should be clicked on or events triggered in order to change the state of the component.

By writing tests as described above, snapshot tests typically become redundant and therefore unnecessary. Besides the problem of skipping the business logic, snapshots consistently break for non-bugs, such as when styles are updated, and
generally don't provide much if any security around behaviour or appearance. Further reading -
https://medium.com/@sapegin/whats-wrong-with-snapshot-tests-37fbe20dfe8e.

### Changing how we export components

Default exports should be avoided except when absolutely necessary (for example, with
`React.Lazy`), as they degrade the developer experience

> for no discernible benefit. For more fully fleshed out reasoning, refer to the articles below:

Reviewer 6: On top of saying what should be avoided unless absolutely necessary and giving an example of what to do when exporting something as default cannot be avoided, I think before mentioning those two facts we should show what practice we want to enforce, that is named exports.

That's just to make the RFD a little bit more clear in terms of guidance and explicitly say what we want to achieve vs saying just what we want to avoid.

Author: I've added an example of named exports and mentioned them

- https://blog.neufund.org/why-we-have-banned-default-exports-and-you-should-do-the-same-d51fdc2cf2ad
- https://rajeshnaroth.medium.com/avoid-es6-default-exports-a24142978a7a
- https://blog.piotrnalepa.pl/2020/06/26/default-exports-vs-named-exports/
- https://ilikekillnerds.com/2019/08/default-exports-bad/

When needing to export something as default, we should export it like so:

```typescript jsx
function SomeComponent() {
  return (
    <div>
      hello!
    </div>
  );
}

export { SomeComponent as default };
```

> This provides a clearer, more explicit export.

Reviewer 6: In what way is this clearer and more explicit than `export default function SomeComponent`? If anything I'd say that it makes it less clear because you have to hunt for that export statement. 😅 Especially if the export statement is added at the end of a long component body.

At first I thought that this way of using `export` has some additional benefits in terms of TypeScript usage or something but it doesn't appear so?

Author: Well, it should be right below the function. I'm not really fussed on this, it would just keep a consistent export of defaults (keeps it consistent with `export { act };`)

Reviewer 6: > Well, it should be right below the function. I'm not really fussed on this, it would just keep a consistent export of defaults…

I ultimately don't feel that strong about it either way too, I suppose my issue is that when we write something down we should have a solid argumentation for it. Here I just couldn't see how this is clearer over the other form.

Now, keeping a consistent export of defaults – that's a good argument. So perhaps we could say that we want to use this form for consistency, not because it's objectively better.

> …(keeps it consistent with `export { act };`)

What are you referring to here? I've always did pretty much all of my exports by adding `export` to where the given variable was defined and I'm not sure if that goes against what you're saying here.

### Changing how we write stories

Experience tells us that Stories in Storybook are used most effectively for documenting how to use reusable components. We should therefore
restrict usage of Storybook mostly to our shared component library, and test our fullscreen components another way.

It's still okay to create our larger components in Storybook (if the developer wants to) but we should not be using these stories in our Jest tests.

It might be worthwhile looking into something like [Chromatic](https://www.chromatic.com/) for visual UI testing.

### Changing how we write tests

We should be testing all the different state possibilities in Jest and React Testing Library, mocking any data or
network requests to cause the component to render into the state we want. This ensures that the internal logic
of our components (generally the most critical and difficult-to-get-right aspect of frontend code) gets tested,
as well as the final UI state.

Tests should check for elements that exist for the specific state being tested, i.e. an error message when the data has
failed to load. Elements should be clicked on or events triggered in order to change the state of the component.

> By writing tests as described above, snapshot tests typically become redundant and therefore unnecessary. Besides the problem of skipping the business logic, snapshots consistently break for non-bugs, such as when styles are updated, and

Reviewer 7: 🎉

`React.Lazy`), as they degrade the developer experience
for no discernible benefit. For more fully fleshed out reasoning, refer to the articles below:
- https://blog.neufund.org/why-we-have-banned-default-exports-and-you-should-do-the-same-d51fdc2cf2ad
- https://rajeshnaroth.medium.com/avoid-es6-default-exports-a24142978a7a
- https://blog.piotrnalepa.pl/2020/06/26/default-exports-vs-named-exports/
- https://ilikekillnerds.com/2019/08/default-exports-bad/

When needing to export something as default, we should export it like so:

```typescript jsx
function SomeComponent() {
  return (
    <div>
      hello!
    </div>
  );
}

export { SomeComponent as default };
```

This provides a clearer, more explicit export.

### Code Coverage

Our current code coverage is:

```
=============================== Coverage summary ===============================
Statements   : 36.12% ( 3843/10639 )
Branches     : 39.44% ( 1484/3762 )
Functions    : 32.36% ( 1376/4251 )
Lines        : 36.31% ( 3759/10350 )
================================================================================
```

We should add code coverage to CI in order to track progress. One tool we can use for this is

> [Codecov](https://about.codecov.io/), which provide a free plan for open source tools. This would provide a useful UI

Reviewer 7: I would be interested in tools that can compute coverage locally rather than using a SaaS. Codecov in particular had a pretty nasty supply chain breach, so pulling in a tool like that would require a security review.

Author: Might be worth looking at https://github.com/marketplace/actions/code-coverage-report, and then we can use `jest --coverage` locally to get a UI view of coverage

Author: I've updated this to point at the suggestions above, as they do make more sense

    tdpConnection,
    disconnected,
    wsConnection,
    setTdpConnection,
  } = props;
  // etc

  return (
    <Flex flexDirection="column">
      // etc
    </Flex>
  );
}
```

This component takes all of its state and business logic from the props passed in.

For use in the actual application, we wrap the component above in a default export which populates the props the
component needs by using a hook.

```typescript jsx
export default function Container() {
  const state = useDesktopSession();
  return <DesktopSession {...state} />;
}
```

### Testing

As a result of the above, we end up testing the `DesktopSession` component instead of the actual component (`Container`) that is
rendered in the UI.

A story may look like this:

```typescript jsx
export const FetchError = () => (
  <DesktopSession
    {...props}
    fetchAttempt={{ status: 'failed', statusText: 'some fetch  error' }}
    tdpConnection={{ status: 'success' }}
    wsConnection={'open'}
    disconnected={false}
  />
);
```

Which is then tested like so:

```typescript jsx
test('fetch error', () => {
  const { getByTestId } = render(<FetchError />);
  expect(getByTestId('Modal')).toMatchSnapshot();
});
```

> This results in all the logic in `useDesktopSession` going untested. We're only testing the UI part of the application,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This results in all the logic in `useDesktopSession` going untested. We're only testing the visual part of the UI,
```

but skipping all of the business logic.

> 
> Storybook isn't best suited for the way we are using it. As a result of testing our large components primarily via stories, we have
> ended up only testing our UI and nothing else.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

(suggesting that it be removed)

## Details

> ### Changing how we write stories

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Changing how we test the visual UI
```

> Experience tells us that Stories in Storybook are used most effectively for documenting how to use reusable components. We should therefore
> restrict usage of Storybook mostly to our shared component library, and test our fullscreen components another way.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Experience tells us that Stories in Storybook are used most effectively for documenting how to use reusable components, and visually testing the UI. While using snapshot tests of stories is a rough approximation of a visual UI test, they come a lot of baggage: https://medium.com/@sapegin/whats-wrong-with-snapshot-tests-37fbe20dfe8e.
```

> 
> It's still okay to create our larger components in Storybook (if the developer wants to) but we should not be using these stories in our Jest tests.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

> It might be worthwhile looking into something like [Chromatic](https://www.chromatic.com/) for visual UI testing.

Reviewer 3: I think we should decide here whether or not this is worth integrating. 

It makes sense to me that we have both "visual" and "behavioral" tests, as those two categories comprise the full user experience. With our current testing standard, we have a rough approximation of visual tests using snapshots, and minimal behavioral tests. If we move away from snapshots and focus exclusively on behavioral tests, we seem at risk of allowing the visual details of the app degrade over time (particularly for edge cases). Chromatic appears to solve many of the valid issues raised in the argument cited against snapshot tests ([link](https://medium.com/@sapegin/whats-wrong-with-snapshot-tests-37fbe20dfe8e)). See an example of how Chromatic works [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9o6uB1X-LZ8).

This argument contradicts what we have below

> By writing tests as described above, snapshot tests typically become redundant and therefore unnecessary.

so we should resolve that discrepancy.

Reviewer 2: > By writing tests as described above, snapshot tests typically become redundant and therefore unnecessary

Just want to provide some clarification. The stories with different states is the way to document the behavior. The snapshot tests of _static_ views is to test against view design/css changes as we go through redesigns/theming (css bugs are by far _the most common_). It's cheaper than writing e2e tests or have each step listed in figma.  The component composition/structure is to make it as simple as possible (1-liner to snapshot a static view). There is a way to automate it with `chromatic` or similar services (they manage snapshots/tests of your stories) but adding another vendor to the build process may actually slow you down by introducing another set of problems.

The reason why we are missing behavior tests here and there is because we had to move fast (and because behavior is very basic for many component). Now If time allows please start adding behavior tests against `containers` or against high level hooks (the structure allows it) but keep the stories and their static snapshots where appropriate as both are for completely different purposes.

> It might be worthwhile looking into something like [Chromatic](https://www.chromatic.com/) for visual UI testing.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To get a true visual test of the UI while eliminating most of the downsides of snapshot tests, we will switch over to using [Chromatic](https://www.chromatic.com/).
```

Author: I spoke with @zmb3 and he said to leave Chromatic out of the scope of this RFD, but he'll take a look at Chromatic and see if we can kick things off

Reviewer 5: As it's not in the scope of this PR maybe add a few other alternatives here like [playwrite](https://playwright.dev/) and [puppeteer](https://pptr.dev/).

Also why is it worthwhile, what does using a tool like this give us that using snapshots doesn't?

This content of this section doesn't actually answer the content of the header "How will we change the UI". Maybe this is just a case of changing the hierarchy of this heading to be higher.

> ### Changing how we write tests

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Focusing on behavioral tests
```

We should be testing all the different state possibilities in Jest and React Testing Library, mocking any data or
network requests to cause the component to render into the state we want. This ensures that the internal logic
of our components (generally the most critical and difficult-to-get-right aspect of frontend code) gets tested,
as well as the final UI state.

Tests should check for elements that exist for the specific state being tested, i.e. an error message when the data has
failed to load. Elements should be clicked on or events triggered in order to change the state of the component.

> 
> By writing tests as described above, snapshot tests typically become redundant and therefore unnecessary. Besides the problem of skipping the business logic, snapshots consistently break for non-bugs, such as when styles are updated, and
> generally don't provide much if any security around behaviour or appearance. Further reading -
> https://medium.com/@sapegin/whats-wrong-with-snapshot-tests-37fbe20dfe8e.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
